prices let's go up to Michael buffer
three minute round introducing first
fighting out of the blue corner he
stands 197 centimeters tall his official
weight 105
point two kilograms he comes to us from
a youth drama Rocco he's the first k1
heavyweight champion mother golden bowls
have lasted only nine minutes
collectively an amazing statistic
standing tall at 188 centimeters
there's a way thank you little brat he's
from letta caveats Russia the k1 Asia
Grand Prix 2008 champion Chris Lang kata
avenues for k1 drum three has never made
it out of the quarter-final stage he
lost to Musashi in 2005 feet closer in
2007 and gokhan Saki last year the stair
down from butter Harry Hubbell look at
the intensity in the eyes of the maraca
and he could beat the Sun in a staring
contest three by three one extra round
in case of a draw two knockdowns in one
round and the fight is over this is
quarterfinal number one of the fields
k-1 world grand prix the voice Michael
Chappell Oh
Sugar Ray Sefo Mike Gogan with your
inside we are ready for the madness to
begin bye
my heart's beating our minds an hour
right now I'm so nervous
but so excited on this event ruslan
karaev will have the speed while other
combinations but a hurry has the power
[Applause]
his tactic I have wind any first
lockdown his early says he's okay but
it's gonna be calm he's gonna stay calm
but so does respond got a hurry says
he's hunting after Peter ertz's all-time
record of course the fastest
quarterfinal winner in k1 grand prix
history was when pat smith KO dandy hug
back in 1994 in only 19 seconds
big right hand here tromboner hurry
clipped him on the side of the head
I haven't seen a rush on that open since
plays most Ruslan is cut pretty badly
actually which could become a factor if
there's no knockout in it might have
been a hit by I'm not sure it was
definite from apartment in hit class yes
it might have been but nonetheless he's
pleading for those guys last second
lockdown he wants to finish
[Applause]
hurry
absolutely Wow he hardly raised a sweaty
- hurry sue knockdowns in one round and
the k1 tournament rules and it's good
night Irene that was vicious and
delicious from Badr Hari my ray we both
thought that butter would win this
runner did you think he'd win it that
quickly though right no and no I don't
expect him to I mean wha you know the
things we all know his speed we all know
his power we all know what it's capable
of doing so it was just a matter of
Russia and I laugh first and these two
fighters but these guys are great pilot
Oporto combination and what obviously
matter first well you know what I think
one of the decisive factors
the deep things if you talk to Mike fest
near he's a very strategic coach with
with not just a fight strategy but also
the mental part and I bet you he told
him you know you've knocked this guy out
send a message to the rest of the people
you know the rest of the finally you
were here to make some noise the
question is is gotta hurry on ha
so they